what is going on guys my name is yo
Shawn P Z which best doing right now is
watching part 2 of this advanced supply
job opening the first one open up 16 and
now when they open up the rest the first
part of this video I got mostly
everything I actually wanted to add some
strider the new brain XO the helmet the
Kraken all the nice EXO's i did not get
before and now i'm actually in them now
so i got 15 more supply drops to open
hopefully I actually get something
pretty dope and uh let's go straight
into it let's go first one right now
let's go we got okay okay um I thought I
was gonna get a triple elite get the
biohazard boots Atlas contractor XO and
the Venus and Mars nothing really good
in that one form or 14 more to go ok ok
ok we got the endless right here really
good k if I've behrendt looks all right
+1 range puts my mobility we've got the
kV a beaver I say bieber gloves and uh
yeah open up more okay let's see where
we get okay tombstone boots surf the low
ok load out and we got the HP are 83
superlight really dope um did not get
these two variants it and not barons but
uh gear yet so it's great part of the
collection 12 more to go let's see what
we get okay and oh the royalty XO I
already have two of them so i just added
on to the collection let's go so it's
pretty dope let me more to go let's see
oh my god um so I got white out gloves
signal operated gloves and then the hbr
a3 insanity triple await triple elite oh
my god
mmm wow wow that's wow that's insane
triple elite and in top so we got the
insanity and we also got the second best
variant of the HPR right here that has a
plus one the raider k be a mercenary XO
and then whoa plus 1 damage plus 1
handle that's actually a pretty dope we
can both oh holy crap wow that's pretty
dope nine more to go and we got a lot
let's see what we got Oh Tiki XO okay
Atlas Ranger XO wow we got a lot boys we
got a lot that's actually pretty dope
right there eight more to go hopefully
we get one of the new variants of the
new gun okay Nigerian support loadout
super light the arocs 1600 160 and the
leader shirt okay seven more to go come
on give me a vessel we come on come on
come on a money baby let me it uh give
me that money we got the end other sick
Adele the s and six money aids on Iraq
it really is really hard for me to say
that I don't know why already got it
it's a pretty good variant of the this
gun so yeah let's go for more six more
to go six more I'm telling you okay
already had that X oh boy that's pretty
dull bit Eco XO and uh yeah that's a
pretty dope not very but XO right
there's like a like wood what's up a
tree on your back ends like blue coming
out of its pretty dope you got five more
to go guys five more five more to go
hopefully we get one of the new variants
I'm praying I'm praying you got a ranger
helmet and radical and predator or
credit whatever you want to call it plus
1 damage 2-1 fiery it's a trick shot and
sniper right here um no snipers actually
want more fire rate than decrease of the
fire rate okay four more to go
yes yes let's let's go I got that m1
iron showdown and also the Enlightenment
XO holy crap that looks pretty dope holy
crap that looks pretty dope that that
looks really dope that looks really
really dope holy crap that looks that
looks dope that I'm actually happy now
that looks dope I lost it but at that
looks dope that looks dope I what else
did we get in that was a white drop I
don't even know what else do we get um
oh the showdown Wow I'm like what else
did we get wow oh wow oh wow okay I've
made I never use the Kimble's oh I never
use a Kimball's but I may have to give
these a try I literally may have to give
these a try I may have to really give
this a try I may have to give you a
chart like I wow yeah I don't use
Kimball's but I really have to give this
a try and you only allowed to use
advanced rifling on this one wow so you
get that gives you more options to use
for your pic 13 so you can run more
streaks wow that that is actually pretty
dope you got three more to go guys we
got one of the variance of the m1 ions
and we also got one of the new EXO's or
gear Wow three more to go hopefully you
get something good hopefully get
something good ah ok i saw i saw a
pistol man I got really happy you got
white a helmet Alex 45 oak breaker and I
everyone shirt two more to go guys two
more to go and we still not did not get
one of the elite variants of that the
way line no the we'll horn and now well
one's pretty dope now you're gonna lie
well one's pretty dope you got one more
to go guys one more to go hopefully we
get something that's actually pretty
dope let's go for B
let's go and we got beaver and ah
nothing good so hopefully you guys
enjoyed this ab & Supply Drop opening if
so drop a like on this video also
scratching for some more aw content and
I'll try my best to buy more supply
drops and go for the hunt for one of the
new variants the new elites of the and
when I ons so look it I said before
Darby like and zealous Jew boy yo peezy
I'm out please